It depends on what you dio. So there is there, there, both of those things.
Psychology is a science. So we use the scientific method. Um,
and a big part of what we do is gather data and then analyze that. And
so that's kind of falling under the sub field of statistics and statistics
is math. So So there there is kind of a need to have a basic
understanding of math, but, ah, lot of statistics are really kind
of on the level of just basic algebra. Um, so, you know, a long as
you did pretty well in high school math, you should be OK. Um, also
incidentally, some people who didn't really like high school math find
that they really love statistics because even though the statistics
uses the same operations is algebra. You're thinking about numbers
in a different way that, for some people like me, makes a whole lot
more sense. So I hated math in high school, but I love statistics,
Onda. Same thing with science. Science is a process, and that's really
the most important thing that you have to understand is just the
process of science. When it comes to actual like scientific facts like,
you know, how does the cell work? That kind of knowledge is not
as important for the general field.